Monitoring:---
We have two kinds of Monitoring
1. System Monitoring
2. Application Monitoring
System Monitoring:-
 Ensuring the Servers are up and the major applications are working on the Servers
 What are the Tools Available
   Nagios
   Zabbix
   Elastic Stack (Beats)
 Roles & Responsibilities
   Setup Monitoring for all the servers
   Setup Alerting to the responsible team
   Troubleshooting failures and resolving issues mostly on permanent basis.
Application Monitoring:-
 Ensuring the Application is running consistently
 Understanding User behavior
 What are the Tools Available
   Splunk
   Elastic Stack
   Data Dog (Service)

Elastic-Stack:--- Flow Image(https://i1.wp.com/directdevops.blog/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/sre8.png?w=800&ssl=1)
 Doc:- (https://directdevops.blog/2019/10/30/elastic-stack-introduction-and-core-concepts/)
 Elastic Search
     Is used to store and index text
     In our use case, you can think of this as a database of logs, metrics and traces   
	 Effecient Text Searching Distributed System.
 LogStash
     Log Parsing and Conversions
     Is used to parse the logs into meaningful text
     It does pattern matching and convert the logs collected from applications and stores in Elastic Search
 kibana
     Visualizations of the logs can be observed using kibana
     Dashboards are built on kibana
	 Building Dashboards
 Beats
     Agents which run/installed on nodes/systems which export logs to LogStash or ElasticSearch and/or report metrics.
     Differnet kinds of beats are available
                Metric Beats
				File Beats
				Packet Beat
				Heart Beat

In addition to field send by the user, Elastic Search stores the internal fields for metadata. These fields are as follows
	_id: unique identifier of document, just like primary key in a database. This can be auto generated or specified by the user
	_type: Type of the document
	_index: index name of the document
Indexes:-
  Index is a container that stores and manages documents of single type in Elastic Search.
Types:-
  Documents with mostly common set of fields are grouped under one Type.           

Elastic Search is a Distributed System, it has nodes and clusters

Shards and replicas:-
	And index consists of documents of some type, Shards helps in distributing an index over the cluster.
	Shards help in dividing documents of single index over multiple nodes.
	Process of dividing data among shards is Sharding. Sharding is Elastic Searches way of scaling and parallelism.
	By default every index is configured to have five shards in Elastic Search.
	You can specify the number of Shards while creating an index
	Since systems might fail in a cluster replica shards or replicas are created and stored in cluster.
	Despite the failure, Elastic Search runs due to this feature.
	Replicas are also support querying